I don't know what the Northeastern Army is up to.
The Japanese have occupied them for so many years.
Yet they remain indifferent.
They still don't know to fight back.
This is a disgrace to us soldiers.
And that so-called Central Army.
They came up with...
...that "internal pacification before external resistance."
Pacify my ass.
They can't distinguish priorities or friend from foe.
Ignoring real work for nonsense.
All day long, they just make empty promises.
My troops are now strong and well-equipped.
We have the men, we have the guns.
Resources are plentiful, and the soldiers are united.
It is the perfect time for us...
...to conquer a territory.
Quick, quick, quick!
Once we become bigger and stronger...
...and absorb the scum around us...
...we will attack.
Let the Northeastern Army see...
Let the Central Army see...
...the courage of our Sichuan soldiers.
I don't believe these Japanese...
...have three heads and six legs.
When the time comes, I'll raise my sword...
...and take them down one by one.
I've finally waited for this day.
Drive the Japanese back home!
Ready, go!
Drive them back home!
What are you doing?
Brother Fan ordered not to kill him.
If he moves, I can kill him.
Down with Japanese Imperialism!
Move!
If you want to hit him...
...hit me first.
Get out of my way!
Go! Go quickly!
Drive them back home!
Get down. You're acting crazy.
Commander Wei is righteous!
Attention, everyone!
Salute Commander Wei!
Just a little bit more.
Why didn't you let me kill him?
Although he is no gentleman...
...he cares about the national cause.
We need generals like him right now.
What about Pockmarked Tiger?
Have you forgotten her vengeance?
In the face of the greater cause...
...personal grudges must be put aside.
It's easy for you to say.
If it were vengeance for your wife...
...you wouldn't act this way.
I would do exactly the same.
Yu Zhen would understand too.
Pockmarked Tiger was a heroine.
I believe she...
...would have the same spirit.
But you...
...are underestimating her.
You can't even protect those around you.
You can't avenge your closest kin.
How can you talk about the national cause?
Exactly.
Stop the car!
Stop! Stop!
You're awake.
No...
If you want to leave, just leave.
I didn't say I was coming with you.
You did say it.
Regarding this matter...
You didn't snitch to Commander Wei.
That proves...
...we're on the same side.
You, oh you.
You can't just decide for me.
I... I want to go back.
Come, come, I'll take you back.
You'll be dead if you go back.
Just be good and come with me.
Let's go.
Go, go, go.
This fool is quite something.
He's got guts.
Commander.
This was found on the opera stage.
That spot was perfect for hitting you.
Where is Xuanjizi?
He's disappeared.
This is the lucky general he recommended to me.
Commander Chen.
Commander Chen, come on out.
We need to talk.
Commander Chen.
I came here this time...
on my own accord.
I mainly just want to...
get my little brother back.
If you hand him over to me...
I'll give you Commander Liao's munitions...
...every last bit of them.
If you don't give him to me...
I'll destroy all the munitions.
You won't get a single one.
Commander Chen.
Commander Qin died at their hands.
And he still comes to negotiate with us.
I think he's here to die.
Since he's looking to die...
we might as well oblige him.
Since we are friends
We warmly welcome you
Welcome, welcome
A warm welcome
Let's go, let's go
Commander Chen
You know the grudge between him and me
Now that you've taken him in
When he comes for my life later
I'm afraid I won't be able to fight back
Stay sharp
If anything goes wrong later
Take Xiu Gu and leave first
Commander Wei lacks someone like you
That's why he does whatever he wants
Don't worry
You are my advisor
Brother Fan
This Qiong liquor is decades old
This level of reception
Is a bit high
Brother
It's fine
Come with me later
Go where?
Take you back, of course
I'm not going
I'm very comfortable here
Except that I can't leave the city
I can go wherever I want
And do whatever I want
Really?
Are you two here to watch him?
Not entirely
Those two are my moneybags
And they're responsible for my safety
That Commander Chen is very refined
He's actually quite nice
Since I got here
He has never made things difficult for me
The conditions I raised
He has met them all
Unlike those boorish soldiers
He even mentioned to me
That he appreciates you very much
Why don't you join me
And stay here
You've been brainwashed
Commander Chen treats you well
To use you to control your Old Man
I must send you back
To Commander Liao
It's very unsafe here
He gives me what I want
I can give to him too
It's a fair exchange
What is a kid like you thinking
I'll tie you up and take you back if I have to
First Brother
Brother
We should have come here long ago
Look at this setup
This is
The attitude one should have for talent
Look at that guy named Wei
He only knows how to make things hard for us
Brothers
Come on, drink up
I think it's pretty good here
At least there's a chance to avenge my dad
It's not that simple
If it were simple
Would I have waited until now?
Brother, come, sit here
Come, come, come
Then, then I'll just...
Suit yourself
Come, sister, sit on my lap
You are not allowed to get ideas about him
If I don't get ideas about him
What if he gets ideas about me?
I can't just let him do whatever he wants
I guarantee he won't touch you
I think the most important thing now
Is to find a place to settle down
We can't go up the mountain again
Although I can't figure out Commander Chen's thoughts yet
At least he thinks highly of you
How about
We stay for now
And wait and see
There's no better choice at the moment
Commander Chen
understands people best.
You've taken care of my brothers
very well.
Are you satisfied?
They are certainly very satisfied.
Since I'm staying,
can you hand that Huo fellow
over to me?
Brother Fan,
can you give me some face?
He killed my father.
When will vengeance ever end?
By your logic,
shouldn't I
wipe out your troops too?
After all,
you caused me to lose a regiment.
Commander Qin died because of you.
So Commander Chen
is unwilling to hand him over.
The battlefield and officialdom are ever-changing.
If the wind changes one day,
and Commander Wei wants me to hand you to him,
tell me, should I hand you over
or not?
If you really want him,
it's not impossible.
Your troops need to be disbanded and reorganized.
My brothers trust me,
that's why they're with me.
These brothers of yours
indulge in wine and women,
love to eat and gamble.
Keeping them around
is likely to cause trouble.
Brother Fan, no need to worry.
You keep your men,
I'll keep mine.
If one day you achieve military merit,
perhaps,
as a reward,
I can hand him over to you.
But if your troops make a mistake,
I agree to disband and reorganize.
Brother Fan is straightforward.
I like your boldness and loyalty.
It's a deal.
I won.
How did you win?
Five pieces in a row.
I won.
Everyone,
this is Fan Pengju.
He is our Brigade Commander Fan.
Please welcome him.
Today,
Brigade Commander Fan officially joins my Chen Division.
I hope you all put aside prejudices,
and cooperate sincerely.
Past grievances
are written off.
Let us progress together.
Good!
Good! Good!
You punk, one day,
you'll choke even on cold water.
Thanks to you,
I'm already choking a bit on water.
Living under someone else's roof now,
having some cold water to drink isn't bad.
You don't need to guard against me.
Right now,
I won't do anything to you for the time being.
I don't need to guard against you either.
You wouldn't dare do anything to me.
Can't kill him.
Let him go.
If we want to kill Young Master Huo,
our troops
cannot make any mistakes.
Just let me be your compass.
Hurry up.
Come on, what's with the shouting?
Green Dragon.
I don't want the Green Dragon.
Pong.
You'll Pong just about anything.
Here, Five Wan.
This ban on gambling...
did you guys seriously not see it?
Violating military orders...
has serious consequences.
Just a little gambling in our downtime...
just to blow off some steam.
This is an order from Division Commander Chen.
Xuanjizi and I have to enforce it.
Six Bamboo.
We're a regular army now.
We shouldn't be acting like this.
So brazenly.
It's too loud.
I could hear it from the courtyard.
Brigade Commander Fan followed the sound here.
Since you're already here...
play a couple of rounds with us.
Come on, come on.
Come on, join us.
No, no, no.
I'm not here to play Mahjong with you.
I came specifically to tell you...
Division Commander Chen is different from Commander Wei.
Division Commander Chen doesn't care about personal favors.
It's fine.
When the time comes...
if you get caught by Xuanjizi...
you won't be able to wiggle your way out.
What's the big deal?
That Division Commander Chen is overstepping a bit.
You built this army with your own two hands.
What gives him the right to control so much?
Exactly.
It pisses me off just hearing about it.
I'm definitely going to play a round today.
Let's see what he can do to you.
We can't play.
You're going to gamble this army into the ground.
Play Ba Wan.
Ba Wan, Pong!
Is he playing or are you?
We're brothers. How deep is our bond?
Like a shirt to the back, like meat to the bone.
Live together, die together.
That's right.
So play a round with us today.
Come on, sit, sit, sit.
Come on, Boss.
You've got great luck.
Why are you sitting here?
Let me play a hand, come on.
Brother Fan.
We haven't hung out like this in ages.
Our brotherhood is fading.
Let's really enjoy ourselves today.
Fine. Nine Bamboo.
Hold on.
Go to the door and keep watch.
Let us know if anything happens.
Why am I always the lookout?
Just go.
That Four Bamboo play was awful.
Playing Four Bamboo with a hand like this...
Go, go, go, get to the door.
Hurry, hurry, hurry.
Five Dots.
What kind of hand is this?
He's coming, he's coming!
Who's coming?
He's here! Xuanjizi is here!
We're screwed, we're screwed.
Hide, quickly!
What are you afraid of?
Hide!
Play! Play! Play!
Hurry up and play!
The audacity
Red Dragon
Gathering to gamble
Confiscate them
What are you doing?
What's your problem?
What? You're so fierce.
Our Big Brother...
What are you yelling for?
Clearing my throat, practicing vocals
Just stay out of the card playing business
Our Big Brother...
What do you want to say now?
Nothing, nothing
What is under this table?
Listen up
Within ten minutes,
everyone present here
go to the Military Law Office for ten military club strikes.
If anyone dares not to go,
they'll be in confinement for half a month.
Big Brother, come out.
Careful
I said let's not play
You insisted I play
Now it's like a cat clawing sticky rice cake,
can't get the claws free.
You, a dignified Brigade Commander
What are you afraid of?
In the face of military discipline,
everyone is equal.
If you violate military discipline,
you have to suffer the consequences.
The trouble you caused yourself,
you bear it yourself.
Money
My money is still there
Now our butts are going to blossom
Luckily I didn't throw money in
Darn it
Trying to fix me?
Come on, let's play
Come on
Where did you get that?
A cunning rabbit has three burrows
Mahjong must have three sets
You still dare to play?
Brigade Commander Fan just hid under the table
And we got beaten with military clubs
Right now, my heart is all...
Like a toad eating long beans—hanging in suspense.
What are you scared of?
I don't believe he can keep this up every day
Darn it
Come on, let's play
First Brother, forget it
What?
Even you are scared?
Who can ban gambling?
If anyone can actually eat this mahjong tile,
I will quit gambling.
Who dares to eat a mahjong tile?
Don't speak too absolutely
Maybe,
there really is someone who doesn't believe in fate.
Empty talk
I'm not boasting
If anyone eats this mahjong tile,
I will take this whole set of mahjong,
and swallow it all.
You said it
If anyone dares to eat one mahjong tile,
you will swallow the whole set.
I said it
Carrying a bellows to the camp,
you're still a bit green.
Just wait
First Brother said,
if anyone eats one mahjong tile,
he will swallow the whole set.
And then quit gambling.
I just ate a mahjong tile
When it comes to gambling addiction,
who has a bigger one than me?
First Brother,
keep your word.
Fine, I'll eat it
Brigade Commander Fan, as per your orders,
the dishes are ready.
First Brother, please
Are you a cat?
Using your claws?
I prepared chopsticks for you
Come on
What?
Choking it down dry?
Dip it in some sesame sauce, it tastes delicious.
How is it?
It's so bitter.
That one is made of coptis.
Of course it's bitter.
You eat that Red Dragon.
Mix in a little sugar.
I guarantee it'll taste sweet.
What's wrong?
Choked on it?
I prepared Qiong liquor especially for you.
Here, wash it down.
This Ba Wan.
Must be mixed with that chili oil.
That chili oil has Sichuan pepper and chilies.
Stir-fried together.
Authentic Sichuan flavor.
It tastes excellent.
How does it taste?
Bitter.
So you know it's bitter.
Having a troop that can't show its face is what's bitter.
Being a disgrace is what's bitter.
Being sloppy and slack is what's bitter.
If the troops can't win battles,
losing face is what's bitter.
You eat some.
You were smiling just now.
Eat some.
I just had lunch, I'm very full.
It hasn't gone down yet.
Eat some.
Will you guys still gamble?
No gambling.
Gamble or not?
Absolutely not.
Good.
Brothers.
From today on, we get tough.
Training must be done properly.
We must make a name for ourselves in battle.
Yes, sir!
Come catch me.
Brother.
Something happened.
What?
Xiu Gu.
She ran off with that Troupe Leader.
I saw that coming long ago.
Those two have always had something going on.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
You were rising in the ranks.
Who would've thought she'd stray?
Go catch her, quick.
Roger that.
Brother.
How about we tie them up,
tie them to a stone,
and throw them into the pond.
Do you believe
I'll kill you all right now?
Let him go.
It was all my idea.
Kill me or cut me, do as you please.
Xiu Gu.
If we die, we die together.
I'm not afraid.
Think it over carefully.
Scarface.
Give me the gun.
Brother, let me handle this.
Give it here.
None of you are allowed to follow.
Stay right here.
Move.
Stop right there.
Think this through carefully.
Brother Fan.
You're the first man to ever move my heart.
I willingly became your concubine.
I followed you through life and death.
I never once thought...
...of replacing Sister Yu Zhen.
I just wanted to be with you, to care for you.
But what about you?
You pushed me far away.
Your eyes are cold when you look at me.
You avoid me.
You reject me.
The only reason I stayed with you...
...was to avenge my father.
You're a high-ranking official now.
Yet you say your hands are tied.
You know me.
I've always been this way.
Love is love, and hate is hate.
I know when to let go.
I have no reason to follow you anymore.
I've made up my mind.
Go ahead, do it.
You two...
walk away from here.
Take ten steps.
I'll fire three shots.
If I miss you...
...then run for your lives.
Don't torture us like this.
Just get it over with.
I said go!
I'm out of practice.
You two...
...live a good life.
Go as far away as you can.
In this lifetime...
...don't let me ever see you again.
And don't let...
...my men see you either.
Go on.
Darn it.
It tears my heart out.